HW01: MinMax
Hey, need something to do? Here you go! Write a program that allows the user to enter as many integer values as they wish at the keyboard and display the minimum and maximum values entered. So, you'll have to set up a loop to repeatedly read integers from the keyboard until the user somehow indicates that they have finished. How will you know if the user has finished? When the user enters an EOF value (e.g., Ctrl+d). This value signals the end of input and will cause scanf to return EOF to the caller. Note that when scanf encounters EOF on the input stream, no conversion of input characters to integer value occurs -- since it's the end of input, the variable argument to the scanf function will contain whatever it contained before the scanf call. (You'll probably find some helpful information in your textbook beginning on p.62; this is where the book begins discussion on the scanf function.) Remember, the return value of scanf indicates how many values were successfully read from the input stream, or if EOF was encountered. You can use this information to construct an effective user-input loop that detects when invalid (i.e., non-integer) data has been read from the input stream.

Recall that there are three different kinds of loops in C/C++: the while loop (p.310), the do/while loop (p.319), and the for loop (p.315). Feel free to use whichever one feels the most comfortable for you.

Your program should work correctly if the user enters zero, one or more integers. To give you a clearer idea of how your program should behave, I went ahead and created a HW01 directory for you in your CS223 directory and dropped a sample executable in there called sample_minmax. To run the program, just "cd" into the HW01 directory, then type ./sample_minmax and press the 'Enter' key (note the leading dot and forward slash). Then, after thinking about it, write your code and save it in that same directory in a file called minmax.c, I'll collect everyone's programs just before class begins. If you have any questions just let me know!

If you're unfamiliar with linux, I suggest you first take a look at the "Handouts" module of our Canvas site, it has several links and/or videos you'll find quite useful. Don't forget, we're writing C code, not C++, so development is just slightly different. Instead of creating source code files with a .cpp extension, you should use a .c extension (e.g., foo.c instead of foo.cpp). Also, to compile your code you should use gcc instead of g++ (e.g., gcc foo.c). If all goes well, you should find an executable file in your directory called a.out, which you can run like this: ./a.out (note the leading dot and forward slash characters).

If you have any difficulty connecting to the server, or you don't yet have an ssh account, email me and I'll do what I can to help. And if this linux stuff is new to you, there's bound to be a bit of an initial learning curve, but don't panic -- after a few iterations you'll get used to it and it won't be a big deal (I promise). Should you have any questions or concerns, just let me know. Have fun!
